CDS-96727 - KB on creating a cascading field when creating a JIRA issue using APIs (#6782)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/ticketing-systems/create-jira-issues-in-cd-stages.md

In Jira fields, you can select specific fields within a Jira issue. For more information, go to [Jira custom fields](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/).

Harness supports only Jira fields of type `Option`, `Array`, `Any`, `Number`, `Date`, `User`, and `String`. 

> For example, Harness supports [multi-select](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/#:~:text=Select%20[…]ultiple%20choices) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.

Reviewer: Might be able to use a simpler link here: https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/

> For example, Harness supports [multi-select](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/#:~:text=Select%20[…]ultiple%20choices) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, Harness supports [multi value](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-cloud-administration/docs/custom-fields-types-in-company-managed-projects/) fields to allow users to select multiple options from a drop-down list.
```
